Make bootstrap procedure optional (#798)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/bootstrap-repository.adoc

If you have mirrored more than one product (for example, SLES and SLES for SAP), or if you use custom channels, you might need to specify the parent channel to use when creating the bootstrap repository.
This is not required in every situation.

> For example, some SLES15 versions have common code bases, so there is no need to specify a parent channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, some SLES{nbsp}15 versions have common code bases, so there is no need to specify a parent channel.
```
